#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --strip-extras requirements.in
#
-e file:../shared
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
authlib==1.3.0
    # via drf-oidc-auth
azure-core==1.30.1
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   django-storages
azure-storage-blob==12.20.0
    # via django-storages
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via django-helusers
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pysaml2
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   djangosaml2
    #   pysaml2
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
django==4.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangosaml2
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
django-auth-adfs==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
django-helusers==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-oidc-auth
djangosaml2==1.9.3
    # via yjdh-backend-shared
drf-oidc-auth==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.19.0
    # via python-jose
elastic-transport==8.13.1
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
elementpath==4.4.0
    # via xmlschema
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==25.3.0
    # via factory-boy
filetype==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via pysaml2
isodate==0.6.1
    # via azure-storage-blob
josepy==1.14.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
packaging==24.0
    # via deprecation
pillow==10.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via django-auth-adfs
pyopenssl==24.1.0
    # via
    #   josepy
    #   pysaml2
pysaml2==7.3.1
    # via djangosaml2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   faker
    #   pysaml2
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via django-helusers
python-stdnum==1.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via pysaml2
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-helusers
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pysaml2
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
sentry-sdk==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   ecdsa
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
typing-extensions==4.12.1
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xmlschema==3.3.1
    # via pysaml2
zipp==3.19.1
    # via importlib-resources
