#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
-e file:../shared
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via django
attrs==21.2.0
    # via jsonschema
azure-common==1.1.27
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-common
azure-storage-blob==2.1.0
    # via django-storages
azure-storage-common==2.1.0
    # via azure-storage-blob
babel==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via django-helusers
boto3==1.26.70
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.29.70
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pysaml2
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   djangosaml2
    #   pysaml2
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
django==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-searchable-encrypted-fields
    #   django-sql-utils
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangosaml2
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
django-auth-adfs==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
django-cors-headers==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.7.1
    # via helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
django-localflavor==3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-phonenumber-field[phonenumbers]==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-searchable-encrypted-fields==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sql-utils==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[azure]==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
djangosaml2==1.5.0
    # via yjdh-backend-shared
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-oidc-auth==0.10.0
    # via helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
drf-spectacular==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via python-jose
elasticsearch==7.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
elementpath==2.5.3
    # via xmlschema
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==9.3.1
    # via factory-boy
filetype==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
future==0.18.2
    # via pyjwkest
helsinki-profile-gdpr-api==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
importlib-resources==5.8.0
    # via pysaml2
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==1.8.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
mozilla-django-oidc==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yjdh-backend-shared
packaging==21.3
    # via deprecation
pdfkit==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
phonenumbers==8.12.25
    # via django-phonenumber-field
pillow==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.10.1
    # via django-searchable-encrypted-fields
pycryptodomex==3.16.0
    # via pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via drf-oidc-auth
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via django-auth-adfs
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   josepy
    #   pysaml2
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
pysaml2==7.1.2
    # via djangosaml2
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   pysaml2
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via django-helusers
python-stdnum==1.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-localflavor
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   django
    #   pysaml2
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-helusers
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pysaml2
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   jsonschema
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pysaml2
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-sql-utils
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
xmlschema==1.11.2
    # via pysaml2
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
